Docs/Contributing/README.md updated text (#8722)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Contributing/README.md

Learn about creating and updating database migrations.

### [Committing changes](./Committing-Changes.md) 
Learn how to merge changes into the codebase.

### [Releasing Fleet](./Releasing-Fleet.md) 
Learn the process for how to release Fleet.

### [Seeding data](./Seeding-Data.md) 
Learn how to add fake data to your development instance.

### [API for contributors](./API-for-contributors.md) 
Get to grips with Fleet API routes. This documentation is helpful for developing or contributing to Fleet.

### [FAQ](./FAQ.md) 

> Commonly asked questions and answers about contributing to Fleet as part of the Fleet community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find commonly asked questions and answers about contributing to Fleet as part of our community.
```
Added a verb for consistency with the other lines and tried reducing the mentions of Fleet in the same sentence.

Author: Excellent. I thought what I'd done sounded a bit odd, so thanks for that, @chris-mcgillicuddy.
